Add Kafka AWS IAM support for authenication (#3992)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-apache-kafka.md

| oidcClientSecret | N | The OAuth2 client secret that has been provisioned in the identity provider: Required when `authType` is set to `oidc` | `"KeFg23!"` |
| oidcScopes | N | Comma-delimited list of OAuth2/OIDC scopes to request with the access token. Recommended when `authType` is set to `oidc`. Defaults to `"openid"` | `"openid,kafka-prod"` |
| oidcExtensions | N | Input/Output | String containing a JSON-encoded dictionary of OAuth2/OIDC extensions to request with the access token | `{"cluster":"kafka","poolid":"kafkapool"}` |
| awsRegion | N | The AWS region where the Kafka cluster is deployed to. Required when `authType` is set to `awsiam` | `us-west-1` |
| awsAccessKey | N  | AWS access key associated with an IAM account. | `"accessKey"`
| awsSecretKey | N  | The secret key associated with the access key. | `"secretKey"`
| awsSessionToken | N  | AWS session token to use. A session token is only required if you are using temporary security credentials. | `"sessionToken"`

> | awsIamRoleArn | N  | IAM role that has access to MSK. This is another option to authenticate with MSK aside from the AWS Credentials. | `"arn:aws:iam::123456789:role/mskRole"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| awsIamRoleArn | N  | IAM role that has access to AWS Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (MSK). This is another option to authenticate with MSK aside from the AWS Credentials. | `"arn:aws:iam::123456789:role/mskRole"`
```

Kafka supports a variety of authentication schemes and Dapr supports several: SASL password, mTLS, OIDC/OAuth2. With the added authentication methods, the `authRequired` field has
been deprecated from the v1.6 release and instead the `authType` field should be used. If `authRequired` is set to `true`, Dapr will attempt to configure `authType` correctly

> based on the value of `saslPassword`. This are the valid values for `authType`: `none`, `password`, `certificate`, `mtls`, `oidc` and `awsiam`. Note this is authentication only; authorization is still configured within Kafka except for `awsiam` which can also drive authorization decisions configured in AWS IAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
based on the value of `saslPassword`. The valid values for `authType` are: 
- `none`
- `password`
- `certificate`
- `mtls`
- `oidc` 
- `awsiam`

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
`authType` is _authentication_ only. _Authorization_ is still configured within Kafka, except for `awsiam`, which can also drive authorization decisions configured in AWS IAM.
{{% /alert %}}
```

    value: 0.10.2.0
```

#### AWS IAM

> Authenticating with AWS IAM is supported with AWS Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (MSK). Setting `authType` to `awsiam` uses AWS SDK to generate auth tokens to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authenticating with AWS IAM is supported with MSK. Setting `authType` to `awsiam` uses AWS SDK to generate auth tokens to authenticate.
```

> Note the only required metadata field is `awsRegion`, if no `awsAccessKey` and `awsSecretKey` are provided you can use AWS IAM roles for service accounts to have passwordless authentication to your Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
The only required metadata field is `awsRegion`. If no `awsAccessKey` and `awsSecretKey` are provided, you can use AWS IAM roles for service accounts to have password-less authentication to your Kafka cluster.
{{% /alert %}}
```
